"SIDDHESH SHRIKRISHNA VERNEKAR Bachelor of Law with 15 years of experience in corporate legal department E-mail Contact No 91 KEY EXPERTISE Contract Management LEGAL EXPOSURE Contract Drafting, Vetting & Negotiation Trademark Management Factory Compliance Property Documentation & Due Diligence Product Labelling Compliance Litigation (Independently drafting and vetting of Contract Labour Agreement, Transport Agreement, Carry & Forward Agent Agreement, Supplemental Agreement, Annual Rate Contracts, Supply Agreement, Distribution Agreement, Non Discloser Agreement etc.) Trademark Management and Protection (Conduct inhouse trademark availability search, filing of trademarks registration application, reply to examination report, handling oppositions, maintaining record and timely renewal of trademark, conducting raids under trademark infringement matters) SCHOLASTICS MBA from ICFAI University 2010 Factory Compliance (Identification of compliances and implementation of compliance checklist in the system, ensuring and monitoring factory compliance, handling audit observations, generation of compliance report for company board, providing training and giving opinion to business teams.) Property Documentation and Due Diligence Bachelors of Law from Shahaji Law College, Shivaji University, Kolhapur 2008 (Drafting of Leave & License Agreement, Lease Deed, Sale Deed, verification of property documents, conducting property search, registration of deeds, adjudication of stamp duty etc.) Bachelors of Commerce from D.D Shinde Sarkar College, Shivaji University, Kolhapur 2004 Product Labeling Compliance (Ensuring labeling Compliance under the Legal Metrology Act, the Insecticide Act, the Seed Act, providing training, giving opinion to the packaging team, participating in Cross Functional Audit, liaison with legal metrology inspector, reply to show cause notices) PERSONAL DOSSIER Litigation DATE OF BIRTH 17TH May 1984 LANGUAGES KNOWN English, Marathi, Hindi, Konkani PERMANENT ADDRESS Siddhivinayak Eden CHS, Flat No 201, B Wing, Survey No 1216 & 1219, Palaspe, Panvel 410221 NOTICE PERIOD 2 Months EXPECTED CTC As per current market standard. Handling Us 138 Negotiable Instrument Act matters, drafting legal notice to be sent to defaulters, drafting complaint, application, coordination and follow up of panel Advocates till final judgment, preparing MIS and maintaining records, correspondences & all Return of property matters US 457 Cr pc. Arbitration proceedings, sending notice to defaulters, the preparing arbitration application, and application. filling Execution of Arbitration Award, filling an application in court for execution of award, preparing affidavit & application, removing objections, coordinating with panel advocate in proceeding. Pre-interest litigation Lok-Adalat, applying the Legal Services Authority for pre-interest litigation Lok Adalat, sending notice to customer regarding pre-interest litigation Lok Adalat, making all arrangement of preinterest litigation Lok-Adalat. Provided assistance for filing FIR in police station. Rallis India Limited, A TATA Enterprise Anchor Electricals Pvt. Ltd, A subsidiary of Panasonic Corp. Shriram City Union Finance Limited, Practiced as a Junior Advocate with Adv. M. G. Patil in Kolhapur EMPLOYMENT SCAN Manager 1st April 2021 to till date Assistant Manager 1st April 2018 to 31st March 2021 Senior Executive 27th December 2013 to 31st March 2018 Legal Executive 26th September 2011 to 26th December 2013 Legal Officer 4th May 2009 to 25th September 2011 March 2008 to 2nd May 2009 I hereby declare that the information given above is correct and complete to the best of my knowledge & belief. Siddhesh Vernekar"