"Shivam Chawla Mobile No. 91 97115 72718 Email Permanent Address C3-Plot no 153 Niti Khand 2 Indirapuram Ghaziabad Career Objective Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. Along with having a long-term relationship and to conduct myself in such a manner to uphold the dignity of profession. Professional Summary Total Experience in CAD 6 years Yes Bank Limited, Noida Manager in Credit Administration DepartmentFrom November 2021- Till Now Axis Bank Deputy Manager in Credit Administration DepartmentFrom December 2019- Till November 2021 RBL Bank Limited, New Delhi Assistant Manager in Credit Administration Department- From August 2017 to December 2019 Work Exposure # Credit administration of Wholesale Banking ensuring compliance of all pre-sanction and post sanction formalities, co-ordination with internal teams (Legal, Risk, Compliance and other departments) for preparation of documents and disbursement of sanctioned facilities, both Fund based (Term Loan, Working Capital Facilities i.e., CC, WCDL etc.) and Non-Fund based (Letter of Credit, Bank Guarantee etc.) # Different types of works handled Studying the approved CAM (Credit Arrangement Memo), preparation of Sanction Letter, standard documents including non-standard documents (loan, guarantee, security) & getting them executed by the Relationship Managers. Checking of the executed documents, perusing constitutional documents, checking KYC of the signatories to the documents, conducting ROC search compliance of Companies Act 2013, following RBI guidelines etc. Creation of Security (Hypothecation, Mortgage, Pledge, Lien etc.) and perfection of security including registration of charge with ROC, CERSAI entries. Disbursement of Credit facilities after ensuring full compliance of pre-sanction terms and conditions and also ensuring compliance of post disbursement formalities. Trackingreporting of documentation deferrals and financialother covenants in C-Cube. Liaise with external empaneled vendors (AdvocatesLaw Firms, Valuers, Stock Auditor) for preparation of TitleLegal Search Reports (TSRLSR) & Valuation Report related to the properties to be mortgaged, also handling queries with respect to the title and valuation of the properties. Monitoring of accounts, insurance coverage, monitoring pending compliances, handling Internal Audits, Process Control Audit, RBI Audit etc. Exchange of Information as per the RBI Guidelines on quarterly basis. Preparation of Pari passu letters (PP), perusing PP letters received from various banks for credit facilities extended under Consortium Lending and under Multiple Banking Arrangement (MBA). Perusing Joint Documents submitted to us in case of Consortium Lending. Educational Qualification Post Graduate Diploma in Banking and Finance from Manipal University Bangalore India. (2017) MBA in Finance from Bhartiya Vidyapeeth University Pune, India. (2016)"