"ROMA KUMARI BHARTI Virar (West). Mob. No. Email ID CAREER OBJECTIVE To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization where I can expand my knowledge, learning, skills & contribution to the growth of orgaination. PROFILE SUMMARY Strong fundamental knowledge of Accounting, TDS & TDS return and GSTR1 & GSTR3B Highly skilled in computing GST and prepare GST & TDS returns besides evaluating audit financial transactions and documents. Proficient in managing all accounting transaction, handling monthly, quartly and annual closing and reconciling accounts payable and receivable. Handling & doing GST Auditing of different kind of Organizations. Stay updated with the current with financial regulations and accepted practice besides maintaining personal networks and participating in professional organizations. Preparing Invoices with formatting and sending to clients. A team player with excellent communication & problem solving skills. Knowledge of P & L Account, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow Statement. Understanding concept of E- Commerce business Technical Skills Tally & Tally Prime, Tax Audit, Microsoft excel & Mircosoft Words. EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE 1.0 CA Brajesh Goyal & Associates, Mumbai. (A CA Firm) Executive Accounting & Taxation (June 2022 to till date), Job Profile Handling TDS & TDS return filling and GSTR1 & GSTR3B monthly and quarterly file use of GST portal & Speqta software. Preparing Invoices with formatting and sending to clients. Preparation of books of accounts and individual files of the clients. Dealing with ROC & income tax matters. Preparing & filing of ROC. Preparation of MIS. Auditing like GST Audit, checking the sales & purchase invoices of tally data & 2A and make recco. Working in excel like vlookup formula, balance sheet, profit & loss, pivot and maintain all bills records of client. I access TDS winman sotware for TDS return file. Email Comunnication & data collection. Working in Tally prime like entry of bill, reconciliation & create ledger. Page No. 1 of 3 2.0 Company TCPL Temerity Careers Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai. HR Executive (Jan, 2022 June, 2022) Job Profile o Recruitments of new employee as per requirement in the organization. o Coordinated with candidates on phone calls for interview. o Answered employees inquires regarding Companies profile and their products. o Arrange candidates interview and fix it with the Companies. o Complete the task on time as per team head requirement. o Briefly explanation to candidates about candidates salaries & other benefits after their selection. o MIS Maintaining & reporting to the Manager 3.0 Summer Internship in Patna by KYC Scheme of Government. From (June 2018 Aug 2018) Work & Practice o Operating Tally, Bills entry o Accounting & Taxation concept. o P & L Account o Balance Sheet o Ledger creation o MS Office o E-communication EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION o Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) form Bhagalpur University (TMBU), Bihar In the year 2018. o HSC from BSEB Patna, (Bihar) in the year 2015. o SSC from BSEB Patna, (Bihar) in the year 2013. TECHNICAL SKILLS o Tally, Tally Prime o Operating System MS Windows o Proficiency in MS Office package & Email PERSONALITY TRAITS o Proactive o Analytical o Quick Learner Page No. 2 of 3 PERSONAL INFORMATION Roma Kumari Bharti Name Mr. Ajay Kumar Nirala Fathers name Date of birth Married Martial status Hindi & English Lanugauge known Address 1205, B Wing, Mahada Colony, Virar (W), Mumbai 401303. I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place Mumbai Date (Roma Kumari Bharti) Page No. 3 of 3"