"Ankit Modak Data Scientist and Analyst Mumbai, India PROFILE An organized and self motivated all time learner who likes to deal with data. I have done various projects related to Data Science and Machine Learning as well as having knowledge about Data Analytics. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Data Science Intern, AI Varient March 2022 November 2022 Mumbai, India Successfully built a Recommendation System , solved a Natural Language Processing problem and worked on a Time Series data to predict the prices. Built a collaborative and popularity based recommendation system using Pandas. Deployed the systems using Flask on local server. Built a classification model to predict sentiments behind a hotel review. Completed EDA, preprocessing, visualization, model building and experimentation (Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine, KNN, Decision Tree Classifier). Achieved best accuracy and F1-score. Built a Time Series Prediction model to predict gold prices for 30 days. Completed pre-processing, trends, seasonality and stationarity check, model building and experimentation (Auto ARIMA, SARIMAX, HoltWinters). Deployed using streamlit. EDUCATION Bachelor of Science (Statistics), Sathaye College (Mumbai University) 2018 2021 Mumbai, India 6.84 cgpa 10 Higher Secondary Education, Patkar College 2016 2018 Mumbai, India 70 % Secondary Education, JES 2016 Mumbai, India 91 % LINKS LinkedIn GitHub Kaggle KAGGLE Spaceship Titanic The goal of this competition is to classify if the passenger is transported or not based on the given attributes of the passengers. Built a statistical classification model. My public Score (without hyper-parameter tuning) 0.79775 (Highest public score 0.81833) Digit Recognizer using Deep learning Deep learning practice using Computer Vision. Trying to build a computer vision model to recognize hand written digits from mnist dataset. COURSES Deep Learning Specialization, Coursera (DeepLearning.AI) December 2022 present AI for Everyone, Coursera (DeepLearning.AI) December 2022 present Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python, Coursera (IBM) November 2022 Data Scientist, ExcelR January 2022 July 2022 Google Data Analytics Specialization, Coursera (Google) January 2022 July 2022 Complete Python Developer 2022 Zero to Mastery, Udemy March 2022 100 Days of Code Python Pro Bootcamp for 2022, Udemy January 2022 SKILLS Python SQL Deep Learning Statistics Tableu Microso Office Excel Web Scrapping Ankit Modakankitmodak05.am@gmail.com1 2 PERSONAL PROJECTS Real Estate Price Prediction Completed price prediction for Bengaluru House Prices dataset from Kaggle. Completed the understanding of dataset, data preprocessing, outliers and null-values detection, encoding, etc. Successfully fit different regression models (Linear Regression, Lasso, Decision Tree) to find the model with best fit and maximum accuracy. Achieved accuracy 91% Heart Disease Classification Successfully classified if a patient has heart disease based on the parameters provided in the dataset. Aim was to get maximum accuracy (at least 95%), maximum precision, recall as well as f1-score. Completed model building (Logistic Regression, K-Nearest Neighbors, Random Forest) using scikit-learn and achieved maximum accuracy of 85%. Dog Breed Classification Built a classification model using TensorFlow and Keras. Used transfer learning using mobilenetV2 machine learning model. Built a model which can take dog picture as an input and predict the dog breed. Achieved accuracy 80% HOBBIES Football Cricket Gaming Biker Music Reading Ankit Modakankitmodak05.am@gmail.com2 2"