Sharut sheen MBA-MMS, B.Com DoB September 1, 1901 Career Objective 12t Floor, Plot 165, Sector 280, Delhi 400 000. I wish to work for a professionally managed and growth- oriented organization that would hone my skills and to learn through commitment and team spirit. Exposure Organization The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd, Mumbai Duration Feb 15 Present Designation Assistant Manager Roles and Responsibilities Relationship Manager for NRI Centre Customized banking planning to meet HNI NRI clients needs and expectation. Developing strategy right from identification, execution & growth of new business. Penetration into existing client base, by providing one stop service for all financial requirements. Responsible for cross selling of products (Home Loan, Wealth Products, Credit Cards, FD, FEX etc) Responsible for incremental growth in revenue. Organization Cox and Kings Ltd, Mumbai Roles and Responsibilities Heading Franchises Outlets Duration Feb 14 Jan 15 As MARCOMers, we make the Invites, Leaflets, Hoarding, Ads etc. for the franchise outlets in India. Check the branding aspects and pricing of the products for the Travel Mela happening across nation. Work for brands like Flexihol Tailor Made Holidays, MICE and TUTC and chasing deadlines and delivering the artwork. Organization TATA Global Beverages Ltd, Bangalore Roles and Responsibilities Summer Intern for Tetley Green Tea Duration May & June 2013 (2 months) Researched on the feasibility, acceptance and revenue building for Tetley Green Tea in medical store. Market survey in retail and modern trade outlets regards to various green teas available in the market. Executed the market extension plan based on the research leading to increase in the brand recall by 40%. Was a part of other activities and events for TATA Tea Premium, Gold, Agni as well as Power of 49. Education Course Year of Passing Institution MMS-MBA May 14 B.Com Mar -12 MET Institute of Management, Bandra R. A. Podar College of Commerce & Economics Board University Mumbai University Mumbai University Result (%) 66 65.72 Extra CurricularHobbies Was a part of MET Combat, MET Utsav cultural festival and contributed in MET Vault. Have great interest in Photography and like to explore new places (visited United Kingdom, France, Germany, Switzerland, Dubai, Mauritius, South Africa) Was awarded Pinnacle Star performer of the month by Cox & Kings for July month. References to be furnished on request of 2 Sharut sheen MBA-MMS, B.Com DoB September 1, 1901 Personal Information Excellent in communication and negotiation. Can adapt to places and people easily. Parents are highly specialized doctors in Mumbai. 12t Floor, Plot 165, Sector 280, Delhi 400 000. References to be furnished on request of 2